atomos-data-security-and-compliance.md, before:

# Data Security, ITAR and EAR Compliance

Export Controlled Research includes information that is regulated for reasons of national security, foreign policy, anti-terrorism, or non-proliferation. The *International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR)* and *Export Administration Regulations (EAR)* govern this data type. Current law requires that this data be stored in the U.S and that only authorized U.S. persons be allowed access to it.

Export Controls are federal laws that govern how technology, technical data, technical assistance, and items or materials (from software to satellites and more) are physically or electronically exported, shipped, transmitted, transferred, or shared from the U.S. to foreign countries, persons, or entities.

As Atomos Space is developing technology which is sensitive to the interests of the global aerospace community, we are required by law to conform with the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR).

If you are in an engineering role, you must follow Atomos process and best practices to ensure our collective compliance. Failing to do so risks access to our development and is in breach of Federal Law.

Commit message:

update data secrity and compliance policy

atomos-data-security-and-compliance.md, after:

# Data Security, ITAR and EAR Compliance

Export Controlled Research includes information that is regulated for reasons of national security, foreign policy, anti-terrorism, or non-proliferation. The *International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR)* and *Export Administration Regulations (EAR)* govern this data type. Current law requires that this data be stored in the U.S and that only authorized U.S. persons be allowed access to it.

Export Controls are federal laws that govern how technology, technical data, technical assistance, and items or materials (from software to satellites and more) are physically or electronically exported, shipped, transmitted, transferred, or shared from the U.S. to foreign countries, persons, or entities.

Protecting sensitive data is a shared responsibility. You are responsible for ensuring that your use of permitted services complies with laws, regulations, and policies where applicable.

## Permitted resources

*Amazon Web Services - Government Cloud*
AWS-GovCloud provides variety of cloud-based infrastructure services (storage, database, computing) and is physically located in the United States and is staffed by U.S. persons, which makes it compliant with Export Control regulations such as ITAR and EAR.

## Laws/Regulations/Policies
[U.S. Department of Commerce Export Controls](http://www.bis.doc.gov/licensing/exportingbasics.htm)
