# Employee Handbook

This Employee Handbook ("Handbook") is designed to summarize certain
personnel policies and benefits of Atomos Nuclear and Space (the
"Company"), of 1644 Platte Street, Suite 400, Denver, Colorado 80202,
and to acquaint employees with many of the rules concerning employment
with the Company. This Handbook applies to all employees, and compliance
with the Company's policies is a condition of employment. This Handbook
supersedes all previous employment policies, written and oral, express
and implied. The Company reserves the right to modify, rescind, delete,
or add to the provisions of this Handbook from time to time in its sole
and absolute discretion. This Employee Handbook is not a binding
contract between the Company and its employees, nor is it intended to
alter the at-will employment relationship between the Company and its
employees. The Company reserves the right to interpret the policies in
this Handbook and to deviate from them when, in its discretion, it
determines it is appropriate.

## Changes In Policy
Since our business is constantly changing, the Company expressly
reserves the right to revise, modify, delete, or add to any and all
policies, procedures, work rules, or benefits stated in this handbook or
in any other document, except for the policy of at-will employment as
described below. No oral statements or representations can in any way
alter the provisions of this Handbook. Nothing in this employee handbook
or in any other document, including benefit plan descriptions, creates
or is intended to create a promise or representation of continued
employment for any employee. Any changes to your at-will employment
status, described below, must be in writing and must be signed by the
Company.

If you are uncertain about any policy or procedure, please check with
your manager or Human Resources.
