# Hours of Work and Payroll Practices

## Pay Periods and Paydays

Employees are paid on a bi-monthly basis. All employees will be paid on
the 15th and the last day of the month. All employees are paid by check
or direct deposit on the above-mentioned payday. If the regular payday
falls on a weekend or Company holiday, employees will be paid on the
last business day before the holiday and/or weekend.

## Overtime

Nonexempt employees will be paid in accordance with federal and Colorado
state law.

All overtime work by non-exempt employees must be authorized in advance
by their manager. Only hours actually worked will be used to calculate
overtime pay.

## Rest and Meal Periods

All rest and meal periods will be in accordance with Colorado state law.

To the extent Colorado state law does not require rest and meal breaks,
nonexempt employees will be provided a 10-minute rest break for every
four hour period of work. This time is counted and paid as time worked.
Nonexempt employees scheduled to work more than a five hour period will
be provided a 30-minute unpaid meal period.

## Time Cards

Nonexempt employees are required to keep an accurate and complete record
of their attendance and hours worked. Time cards are official business
records and may not be altered without the employee's supervisor's
approval and may not be falsified in any way.

## Payroll Deductions

Various payroll deductions are made each payday to comply with federal
and state laws pertaining to taxes and insurance. Deductions will be
made for the following: Federal and State Income Tax Withholding, Social
Security, Medicare, State Disability Insurance & Family Temporary
Disability Insurance, and other items designated by you or required by
law (including a valid court order). You can adjust your federal and
state income tax withholding by completing the proper federal or
state form and submitting it to Accounting or Human Resources. At the
start of each calendar year, you will be supplied with your Wage and Tax
Statement (W-2) form for the prior year. This
statement summarizes your income and deductions for the year.

## Wage Garnishment

A garnishment is a court order requiring an employer to remit part of an
employee's wages to a third party to satisfy a just debt. Once the
Company receives the legal papers ordering a garnishment, we are
required by law to continue making deductions from your check until we
have withheld the full amount or until we receive legal papers from the
court to stop the garnishment. Even if you have already paid the debt,
we still need the legal papers to stop the garnishment.

## Direct Deposit

All employees are encouraged, but not required, to use direct deposit
and have their paychecks deposited into a bank account of an accredited
participating bank or credit union.
