# Employment Policies

## Employee Classifications

The following terms are used to describe employees and their employment
status:

*Exempt Employees*
Employees whose positions meet specific tests established by the
Federal Labor Standards Act ("FLSA") and Colorado state law. In
general, exempt employees are those engaged in executive, managerial,
high-level administrative and professional jobs who are paid a fixed
salary and perform certain duties. In addition, certain commissioned
sales employees and highly paid computer professionals are exempt.
Exempt employees are not subject to the minimum wage and overtime laws.

*Nonexempt Employees*
Employees whose positions do not meet specific tests established by the
FLSA and Colorado state law. All employees who are covered by the
federal or state minimum wage and overtime laws are considered
nonexempt. Employees working in nonexempt jobs are entitled to be paid
at least the minimum wage per hour and a premium for overtime.

*Full-Time Employees*
Employees who are not temporary employees, independent contractors, or
independent consultants and who are regularly scheduled to work a
schedule of 40 hours per work week.

*Part-Time Employees*
Employees who are not temporary employees, independent contractors, or
independent consultants and who are regularly scheduled to work less than
40 hours per work week.

*Temporary Employees*
Employees who are hired as interim replacements to temporarily
supplement the workforce or to assist in the completion of a specific
project. Employment assignments in this category are of limited duration
and the temporary employee can be let go before the end of the defined
period. Short term assignments generally are periods of three (3) months
or less, however, such assignments may be extended. All Temporary
employees are at-will regardless of the anticipated duration of the
assignment (see Employment-at-Will Policy). Temporary employees retain
that status unless and until notified in writing of a change.

*Independent Contractor or Consultant*
These individuals are not employees of the Company and are self-
employed. An independent contractor or consultant is engaged to perform
a task according to his/her own methods and is subject to control and
direction only as to the results to be accomplished. Independent
contractors or consultants are not entitled to benefits.

Each employee will be advised of his or her status at the time of hire
and any change in status. Regardless of the employee's status, the
employee is employed at-will and the employment relationship can be
terminated by the Company or the employee at any time, with or without
cause and with or without notice.

## Equal Employment Opportunity & Americans with Disabilities Act

It is the policy of the Company to provide equal employment
opportunities to all employees and employment applicants without regard
to unlawful considerations of race, religion, creed, color, national
origin, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, age,
ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, marital
status or any other classification protected by applicable
local, state or federal laws. This policy prohibits unlawful
discrimination based on the perception that anyone has any of those
characteristics, or is associated with a person who has or is perceived
as having any of those characteristics. This policy applies to all
aspects of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, job
assignment, working conditions, compensation, promotion, benefits,
scheduling, training, discipline and termination.

The Company expects all employees to support our equal employment
opportunity policy, and to take all steps necessary to maintain a
workplace free from unlawful discrimination and harassment and to
accommodate others in line with this policy to the fullest extent
required by law. For example, the Company will make reasonable
accommodations for employees' observance of religious holidays and
practices unless the accommodation would cause an undue hardship on the
Company's operations. If you desire a religious accommodation, you are
required to make the request in writing to your manager as far in
advance as possible. You are expected to strive to find co-workers who
can assist in the accommodation (e.g. trade shifts) and cooperate with
the Company in seeking and evaluating alternatives.

Moreover, in compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA),
the Company provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals
with disabilities to the fullest extent required by law. The Company may
require medical certification of both the disability and the need for
accommodation. Keep in mind that the Company can only seek to
accommodate the known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise
qualified individual. Therefore, it is your responsibility to come
forward if you are in need of an accommodation. The Company will engage
in an interactive process with the employee to identify possible
accommodations, if any will help the applicant or employee perform the
job.

## Employment of Minors

The FLSA's child labor provisions, which the Company strictly adheres
to, are designed to protect the educational opportunities of youth and
prohibit their employment in jobs that are detrimental to their health
and safety. Generally speaking, the FLSA sets the minimum age for
employment (14 years for non-agricultural jobs), restricts the hours
youth under the age of 16 may work, and prohibits youth under the age
of 18 from being employed in hazardous occupations. In addition, the
FLSA establishes subminimum wage standards for certain employees who
are less than 20 years of age, full-time students, student learners,
apprentices, and workers with disabilities. Employers generally must
have authorization from the U.S. Department of Labor's Wage and Hour
Division (WHD) in order to pay sub-minimum wage rates.

## Employment of Relatives

The Company recognizes that the employment of relatives in certain
circumstances, such as when they will work in the same department,
supervise or manage the other, or have access to confidential or
sensitive information regarding the other, can cause problems related
to supervision, safety, security or morale, or create conflicts of
interest that materially and substantially disrupt the Company's
operations. When the Company determines any of these problems will be
present, it will decline to hire an individual to work in the same
department as a relative. Relatives subject to this policy include:
father, mother, sister, brother, current spouse or domestic partner,
child (natural, foster, or adopted), current mother-in- law, current
father-in-law, grandparent, or grandchild.

If present employees become relatives during employment, the Company
should be notified so that we may determine whether a problem involving
supervision, safety, security or morale, or a conflict of interest that
would materially and substantially disrupt the Company's operations
exists. If the Company determines that such a problem exists, the
Company will take appropriate steps to resolve the problem, which may
include reassignment of one relative (if feasible) or asking for the
resignation of one of the relatives.

## Introductory Period

The first 30 days of employment are considered an introductory period
for all newly hired employees. During this time, you will learn your
new responsibilities, get acquainted with fellow employees, and
determine whether you are happy with the position. Also, during this
time, your manager will monitor your performance. Upon completion of
the introductory period, your manager will review your performance. If
the Company finds your performance satisfactory and decides to continue
your employment, you will be advised of any improvements expected. This
is also an opportunity for you to make suggestions to improve the
Company's efficiency and operations. Completion of the introductory
period does not entitle you to remain employed by the Company for any
definite period of time, but instead allows both you and the Company to
evaluate whether or not you are right for the position. Your status as
an at-will employee does not change the employment relationship may be
terminated with or without cause and with or without advance notice, at any time by you or the Company.

## Personnel Records and Employee References

The Company maintains a personnel file and payroll records for each
employee as required by law. Personnel files and payroll records are
the property of the Company and may not be removed from Company
premises without written authorization. Because personnel files and
payroll records are confidential, access to the records is restricted.
Generally, only those who have a legitimate reason to review
information in an employee's file are allowed to do so. Disclosure of
personnel information to outside sources will be limited. However, the
Company will cooperate with requests from authorized law enforcement or
local, state, or federal agencies conducting official investigations
and as otherwise legally required.

Employees may contact a Human Resources representative to request a
time to review their payroll records and/or personnel file. With
reasonable advance notice, an employee may review his or her own
records in the Company's offices during regular business hours and in
the presence of an individual appointed by the Company to maintain the
records. No copies of documents in your file may be made, with the
exception of documents that you have previously signed. You may
add your comments to any disputed item in the file.

By policy, the Company will provide only the former or present
employee's dates of employment and position(s) held with the Company.
Compensation information may also be verified if written authorization
is provided by the employee.

## Privacy

The Company is respectful of employee privacy. All employee demographic
and personal information will be shared only as required in the normal
course of business. Healthcare enrollment information is kept in a
separate folder from other human resources forms. Workers' Compensation
information is not considered private healthcare information; however,
this information will be released only on a need-to-know basis.

The Company does not make or receive any private healthcare information
through the course of normal work. If any employee voluntarily shares
private healthcare information with a member of management, this
information will be kept confidential. If applicable, the Company will
set up guidelines for employees and management to follow to ensure that
company employees conform to the requirements of the Health Insurance
Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA).

## Immigration Law Compliance

In compliance with the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986, each
new employee, as a condition of employment, must complete the
Employment Eligibility Verification Form I-9 on the date of hire and
present documentation establishing identity and employment eligibility
within three business days of date of hire. Former employees who are
rehired must also complete an I-9 form if they have not completed an I9
form with the Company within the past three years, or if their previous
I-9 form is no longer retained or valid. You may raise questions or
complaints about immigration law compliance without fear of reprisal.

## Political Neutrality

Maintenance of individual freedom and our political institutions
necessitates broad scale participation by citizens concerning the
selection, nomination and election of our public office holders. The
Company will not discriminate against any employee because of
identification with and support of any lawful political activity.
Company employees are entitled to their own personal political
position. The Company will not discriminate against employees based on
their lawful political activity engaged in outside of work. If you are
engaging in political activity, however, you should always make it
clear that your actions and opinions are your own and not necessarily
those of the Company, and that you are not representing the Company.
